README.md, before:

# phonathon

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/nguyenhuyanhh/phonathon.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/nguyenhuyanhh/phonathon)

The system aims to provide a modern and free alternative to the current Campuscall system used in Phonathon.

## Overview

- The system would be implemented in Django 1.11, using Python 3.5+ on Linux
- A prototype would be hosted locally, using the Django development server with SQLite backend
- If possible, the prototype would be deployed on Google Cloud/ DigitalOcean, using PostgreSQL as the database backend

The current focus is on getting a minimum working example for presentation to stakeholders.

## Documentation

### Models

#### `Phonathon User`

This model holds information about users of the system. It extends the basic `django.contrib.auth.models.AbstractUser`.

The overrided and additional fields in the model are as follows:

| Field | Description | Type 
| -- | -- | --
| `username` | Username | `str(15)`
| `name` | Full name | `str(50)`

#### `Prospect`

This model holds information about a prospect. The fields are as follows:

| Field | Description | Type
| -- | -- | --
| `id` | Unique numerical id | 
| `nric` | NRIC/FIN/Passport number | `str(15)`
| `salutation` | Salutation (Mr./ Mrs./ etc.) | `str(10)`
| `name` | Full name | `str(50)`
| `email` | Email address | `email`
| `address_1` | Home address (line 1) | `str(50)`
| `address_2` | Home address (line 2) | `str(50)`
| `address_3` | Home address (line 3) | `str(50)`
| `address_postal` | Home address (postal code) | `str(6)`
| `phone_home` | Home phone number | `str(8)`
| `phone_mobile` | Mobile phone number | `str(8)`
| `education_school` | Education (school graduated from) | `str(50)`
| `education_degree` | Education (degree obtained) | `str(50)`
| `education_year` | Education (graduation year) | `int(4)`

#### `Fund`

This model holds information about pledge funds. The only field in this model is `name`.

| Field | Description | Type 
| -- | -- | --
| `id` | Unique numerical id | 
| `name` | Fund name | `str(50)`

#### `Pledge`

This model holds information about a pledge made by a prospect. The fields are as follows:

| Field | Description | Type
| -- | -- | --
| `id` | Unique numerical id | 
| `prospect_id` | ID of prospect who made the pledge | `foreign_key`
| `pledge_amount` | Amount of pledge | `decimal`
| `fund_id` | Fund of pledge | `foreign_key`
| `pledge_date` | Date of pledge | `date`

### Group-based Authentication

In this project, users are assigned groups (either Managers, Supervisors or Callers) and model permissions are assigned based on groups. The CRUD (Create-Read-Update-Delete) operations matrix is as below:

| | Managers | Supervisors | Callers
| -- | -- | -- | --
| User | CRUD | RU | R
| Prospect | CRUD | RU | RU
| Fund | CRUD | R | R
| Pledge | CRUD | R | R

Commit message:

Overrides date_joined using DateField

README.md, after:

# phonathon

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/nguyenhuyanhh/phonathon.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/nguyenhuyanhh/phonathon)

The system aims to provide a modern and free alternative to the current Campuscall system used in Phonathon.

## Overview

- The system would be implemented in Django 1.11, using Python 3.5+ on Linux
- A prototype would be hosted locally, using the Django development server with SQLite backend
- If possible, the prototype would be deployed on Google Cloud/ DigitalOcean, using PostgreSQL as the database backend

The current focus is on getting a minimum working example for presentation to stakeholders.

## Documentation

### Models

#### `Phonathon User`

This model holds information about users of the system. It extends the basic `django.contrib.auth.models.AbstractUser`.

The overridden and additional fields in the model are as follows:

| Field | Description | Type 
| -- | -- | --
| `username` | Username | `str(15)`
| `name` | Full name | `str(50)`
| `date_joined` | Date joined | `date`

#### `Prospect`

This model holds information about a prospect. The fields are as follows:

| Field | Description | Type
| -- | -- | --
| `id` | Unique numerical id | 
| `nric` | NRIC/FIN/Passport number | `str(15)`
| `salutation` | Salutation (Mr./ Mrs./ etc.) | `str(10)`
| `name` | Full name | `str(50)`
| `email` | Email address | `email`
| `address_1` | Home address (line 1) | `str(50)`
| `address_2` | Home address (line 2) | `str(50)`
| `address_3` | Home address (line 3) | `str(50)`
| `address_postal` | Home address (postal code) | `str(6)`
| `phone_home` | Home phone number | `str(8)`
| `phone_mobile` | Mobile phone number | `str(8)`
| `education_school` | Education (school graduated from) | `str(50)`
| `education_degree` | Education (degree obtained) | `str(50)`
| `education_year` | Education (graduation year) | `int(4)`

#### `Fund`

This model holds information about pledge funds. The only field in this model is `name`.

| Field | Description | Type 
| -- | -- | --
| `id` | Unique numerical id | 
| `name` | Fund name | `str(50)`

#### `Pledge`

This model holds information about a pledge made by a prospect. The fields are as follows:

| Field | Description | Type
| -- | -- | --
| `id` | Unique numerical id | 
| `prospect_id` | ID of prospect who made the pledge | `foreign_key`
| `pledge_amount` | Amount of pledge | `decimal`
| `fund_id` | Fund of pledge | `foreign_key`
| `pledge_date` | Date of pledge | `date`

### Group-based Authentication

In this project, users are assigned groups (either Managers, Supervisors or Callers) and model permissions are assigned based on groups. The CRUD (Create-Read-Update-Delete) operations matrix is as below:

| | Managers | Supervisors | Callers
| -- | -- | -- | --
| User | CRUD | RU | R
| Prospect | CRUD | RU | RU
| Fund | CRUD | R | R
| Pledge | CRUD | R | R
